-- https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/key-terms


Objects
Objects are the individual pieces of data that you store in Cloud Storage. There is no limit on the number of objects 
that you can create in a bucket.


Objects have two components: object data and object metadata. 
Object data is typically a file that you want to store in Cloud Storage. 
Object metadata is a collection of name-value pairs that describe various object qualities.


A common character to include in object names is a slash (/). By using slashes, you can make objects appear as though 
they're stored in a hierarchical structure. 
For example, you could name one object /europe/france/paris.jpg and another object /europe/france/cannes.jpg. 
When you list these objects, they appear to be in a hierarchical directory structure based on location; 
however, Cloud Storage sees the objects as independent with no hierarchical relationship whatsoever.



Object immutability:
-- https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/key-terms#immutability

Objects are immutable, which means that an uploaded object cannot change throughout its storage lifetime. 
An object's storage lifetime is the time between successful object creation (upload) and successful object deletion. 

In practice, this means that you cannot make incremental changes to objects, such as append operations or truncate 
operations. 
However, it is possible to overwrite objects that are stored in Cloud Storage, and doing so happens atomically — until 
the new upload completes the old version of the object will be served to readers, and after the upload completes the new
version of the object will be served to readers. 
So a single overwrite operation simply marks the end of one immutable object's lifetime and the beginning of a new 
immutable object's lifetime.


There is no limit to how frequently you can create or update different objects in a bucket. 
However, a single particular object can only be updated or overwritten up to once per second. 
For example, if you have an object bar in bucket foo, then you should only upload a new copy of foo/bar about once per 
second. Updating the same object more frequently than once per second may result in 429 Too Many Requests errors.

